# vim: filetype=config

"---GNU/Linux---"
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/
https://www.linux.org/articles/index.rss
https://static.fsf.org/fsforg/rss/news.xml
#https://planet.gnu.org/rss20.xml
https://osmc.tv/rss/
https://www.raspberrypi.org/feed/

" "
"---Blogs---"
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml  
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?sort=-publishedAt  
https://notrelated.libsyn.com/rss
https://www.distrotube.com/videos/index.xml
https://n-o-d-e.net/rss/rss.xml
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/

" "
"---Odysee/LBRY---"  # Unofficial reader
https://lbryfeed.melroy.org/channel/odysee/eevblog 	# EEVblog
https://lbryfeed.melroy.org/channel/odysee/AlphaNerd 	# Mental Outlaw

" "
"---Youtube---"  # change url to feed with macro @y
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA  # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg  # DT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA  # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvrLvII5oxSWEMEkszrxXEA  # N-O-D-E
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfMJ2MchTSW2kWaT0kK94Yw  # William Osman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3TUCGI-7rSjvHsE4ONXRww  # MillenniaThinker (memes)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w  # LiveOverflow
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2DjFE7Xf11URZqWBigcVOQ  # EEVblog
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ  # Kalle Halden
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVO8YsD87ibqRGIJ7o8sOzg  # Prince of Zimbabwe (memes)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwiKHTegfDe33K5wnmyULog  # Gadget Reboot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6mIxFTvXkWQVEHPsEdflzQ  # Great Scott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6aw03lNILzV96UvEAASfQ  # Bill Wurtz (based musician)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA  # Fireship (in 100 sec)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUmLRMERmJrmUtgnbFfknAg  # Randy (crazy game dev)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS97tchJDq17Qms3cux8wcA  # chrisatmachine (nvim)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChBEbMKI1eCcejTtmI32UEw  # Joshua Weissman (cooking)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw  # Michael Reeves

" "
#"---Facebook---"
#https://feed.eugenemolotov.ru/?action=display&bridge=Facebook&context=User&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fagr.eng2014%2F&media_type=all&limit=-1&format=Atom "Agricultural Engineering Department Official Page"  # agriculture engineering department official page

# Facebook and other social media to be added using self-hosted rss-bridge instance
